Guardhouse	The Guardhouse allows you to recruit Pikemen.
Archers' Tower	The Archers' Tower allows you to recruit Archers.
Griffin Tower	The Griffin Tower allows you to recruit Griffins.
Barracks	The Barracks allow you to recruit Swordsmen.
Monastery	The Monastery allows you to recruit Monks.
Training Grounds	The Training Grounds allow you to recruit Cavaliers.
Portal of Glory	The Portal of Glory allows you to recruit Angels.
Upg. Guardhouse	The Guardhouse allows you to recruit Halberdiers.
Upg. Archers' Tower	The Archers' Tower allows you to recruit Marksmen.
Upg. Griffin Tower	The Griffin Tower allows you to recruit Royal Griffins.
Upg. Barracks	The Barracks allow you to recruit Crusaders.
Upg. Monastery	The Monastery allows you to recruit Zealots.
Upg. Training Grounds	The Training Grounds allow you to recruit Champions.
Upg. Portal of Glory	The Portal of Glory allows you to recruit Arch Angels.
Centaur Stables	The Centaur Stables allow you to recruit Centaurs.
Dwarf Cottage	The Dwarf Cottage allows you to recruit Dwarves.
Homestead	The Homestead allows you to recruit Wood Elves.
Enchanted Spring	The Enchanted Spring allows you to recruit Pegasi.
Dendroid Arches	The Dendroid Arches allow you to recruit Dendroid Guards.
Unicorn Glade	The Unicorn Glade allows you to recruit Unicorns.
Dragon Cliffs	The Dragon Cliffs allow you to recruit Green Dragons.
Upg. Centaur Stables	The Centaur Stables allow you to recruit Centaur Captains.
Upg. Dwarf Cottage	The Dwarf Cottage allows you to recruit Battle Dwarves.
Upg. Homestead	The Homestead allows you to recruit Grand Elves.
Upg. Enchanted Spring	The Enchanted Spring allows you to recruit Silver Pegasi.
Upg. Dendroid Arches	The Dendroid Arches allow you to recruit Dendroid Soldiers.
Upg. Unicorn Glade	The Unicorn Glade allows you to recruit War Unicorns.
Upg. Dragon Cliffs	The Dragon Cliffs allow you to recruit Gold Dragons.
Workshop	The Workshop allows you to recruit Gremlins.
Parapet	The Parapet allows you to recruit Stone Gargoyles.
Golem Factory	The Golem Factory allows you to recruit Stone Golems.
Mage Tower	The Mage Tower allows you to recruit Magi.
Altar of Wishes	The Altar of Wishes allows you to recruit Genies.
Golden Pavilion	The Golden Pavilion allows you to recruit Nagas.
Cloud Temple	The Cloud Temple allows you to recruit Giants.
Upg. Workshop	The Workshop allows you to recruit Master Gremlins.
Upg. Parapet	The Parapet allows you to recruit Obsidian Gargoyles.
Upg. Golem Factory	The Golem Factory allows you to recruit Iron Golems.
Upg. Mage Tower	The Mage Tower allows you to recruit Arch Magi.
Upg. Altar of Wishes	The Altar of Wishes allows you to recruit Master Genies.
Upg. Golden Pavilion	The Golden Pavilion allows you to recruit Naga Queens.
Upg. Cloud Temple	The Cloud Temple allows you to recruit Titans.
Imp Crucible	The Imp Crucible allows you to recruit Imps.
Hall of Sins	The Hall of Sins allows you to recruit Gogs.
Kennels	The Kennels allow you to recruit Hell Hounds.
Demon Gate	The Demon Gate allows you to recruit Demons.
Hell Hole	The Hell Hole allows you to recruit Pit Fiends.
Fire Lake	The Fire Lake allows you to recruit Efreet.
Forsaken Palace	The Forsaken Palace allows you to recruit Devils.
Upg. Imp Crucible	The Imp Crucible allows you to recruit Familiars.
Upg. Hall of Sins	The Hall of Sins allows you to recruit Magogs.
Upg. Kennels	The Kennels allow you to recruit Cerberi.
Upg. Demon Gate	The Demon Gate allows you to recruit Horned Demons.
Upg. Hell Hole	The Hell Hole allows you to recruit Pit Lords.
Upg. Fire Lake	The Fire Lake allows you to recruit Efreet Sultans.
Upg. Forsaken Palace	The Forsaken Palace allows you to recruit Arch Devils.
Cursed Temple	The Cursed Temple allows you to recruit Skeletons.
Graveyard	The Graveyard allows you to recruit Walking Dead.
Tomb of Souls	The Tomb of Souls allows you to recruit Wights.
Estate	The Estate allows you to recruit Vampires.
Mausoleum	The Mausoleum allows you to recruit Liches.
Hall of Darkness	The Hall of Darkness allows you to recruit Black Knights.
Dragon Vault	The Dragon Vault allows you to recruit Bone Dragons.
Upg. Cursed Temple	The Cursed Temple allows you to recruit Skeleton Warriors.
Upg. Graveyard	The Graveyard allows you to recruit Zombies.
Upg. Tomb of Souls	The Tomb of Souls allows you to recruit Wraiths.
Upg. Estate	The Estate allows you to recruit Vampire Lords.
Upg. Mausoleum	The Mausoleum allows you to recruit Power Liches.
Upg. Hall of Darkness	The Hall of Darkness allows you to recruit Dread Knights.
Upg. Dragon Vault	The Dragon Vault allows you to recruit Ghost Dragons.
Warren	The Warren allows you to recruit Troglodytes.
Harpy Loft	The Harpy Loft allows you to recruit Harpies.
Pillar of Eyes	The Pillar of Eyes allows you to recruit Beholders.
Chapel of Stilled Voices	The Chapel of Stilled Voices allows you to recruit Medusas.
Labyrinth	The Labyrinth allows you to recruit Minotaurs.
Manticore Lair	The Manticore Lair allows you to recruit Manticores.
Dragon Cave	The Dragon Cave allows you to recruit Red Dragons.
Upg. Warren	The Warren allows you to recruit Infernal Troglodytes.
Upg. Harpy Loft	The Harpy Loft allows you to recruit Harpy Hags.
Upg. Pillar of Eyes	The Pillar of Eyes allows you to recruit Evil Eyes.
Upg. Stilled Voices	The Chapel of Stilled Voices allows you to recruit Medusa Queens.
Upg. Labyrinth	The Labyrinth allows you to recruit Minotaur Kings.
Upg. Manticore Lair	The Manticore Lair allows you to recruit Scorpicores.
Upg. Dragon Cave	The Dragon Cave allows you to recruit Black Dragons.
Goblin Barracks	The Goblin Barracks allow you to recruit Goblins.
Wolf Pen	The Wolf Pen allows you to recruit Wolf Riders.
Orc Tower	The Orc Tower allows you to recruit Orcs.
Ogre Fort	The Ogre Fort allows you to recruit Ogres.
Cliff Nest	The Cliff Nest allows you to recruit Rocs.
Cyclops Cave	The Cyclops Cave allows you to recruit Cyclopses.
Behemoth Crag	The Behemoth Crag allows you to recruit Behemoths.
Upg. Goblin Barracks	The Goblin Barracks allow you to recruit Hobgoblins.
Upg. Wolf Pen	The Wolf Pen allows you to recruit Wolf Raiders.
Upg. Orc Tower	The Orc Tower allows you to recruit Orc Chieftains.
Upg. Ogre Fort	The Ogre Fort allows you to recruit Ogre Magi.
Upg. Cliff Nest	The Cliff Nest allows you to recruit Thunderbirds.
Upg. Cyclops Cave	The Cyclops Cave allows you to recruit Cyclops Kings.
Upg. Behemoth Crag	The Behemoth Crag allows you to recruit Ancient Behemoths.
Gnoll Hut	The Gnoll Hut allows you to recruit Gnolls.
Lizard Den	The Lizard Den allows you to recruit Lizardmen.
Serpent Fly Hive	The Serpent Fly Hive allows you to recruit Serpent Flies.
Basilisk Pit	The Basilisk Pit allows you to recruit Basilisks.
Gorgon Lair	The Gorgon Lair allows you to recruit Gorgons.
Wyvern Nest	The Wyvern Nest allows you to recruit Wyverns.
Hydra Pond	The Hydra Pond allows you to recruit Hydras.
Upg. Gnoll Hut	The Gnoll Hut allows you to recruit Gnoll Marauders.
Upg. Lizard Den	The Lizard Den allows you to recruit Lizard Warriors.
Upg. Serpent Fly Hive	The Serpent Fly Hive allows you to recruit Dragon Flies.
Upg. Basilisk Pit	The Basilisk Pit allows you to recruit Greater Basilisks.
Upg. Gorgon Lair	The Gorgon Lair allows you to recruit Mighty Gorgons.
Upg. Wyvern Nest	The Wyvern Nest allows you to recruit Wyvern Monarchs.
Upg. Hydra Pond	The Hydra Pond allows you to recruit Chaos Hydras.
Magic Lantern	The Magic Lantern allows you to recruit Pixies.
Altar of Air	The Altar of Air allows you to recruit Air Elementals.
Altar of Water	The Altar of Water allows you to recruit Water Elementals.
Altar of Fire	The Altar of Fire allows you to recruit Fire Elementals.
Altar of Earth	The Altar of Earth allows you to recruit Earth Elementals.
Altar of Thought	The Altar of Thought allows you to recruit Psychic Elementals.
Pyre	The Pyre allows you to recruit Fire Birds.
Upg. Magic Lantern	The Upg. Magic Lantern allows you to recruit Sprites.
Upg. Altar of Air	The Upg. Altar of Air allows you to recruit Storm Elementals.
Upg. Altar of Water	The Upg. Altar of Water allows you to recruit Ice Elementals.
Upg. Altar of Fire	The Upg. Altar of Fire allows you to recruit Energy Elementals.
Upg. Altar of Earth	The Upg. Altar of Earth allows you to recruit Magma Elementals.
Upg. Altar of Thought	The Upg. Altar of Thought allows you to recruit Magic Elementals.
Upg. Pyre	The Upg. Pyre allows you to recruit Phoenixes .
Level 1 Creature Generator	Allows you to recruit Level 1 Creatures.
Level 2 Creature Generator	Allows you to recruit Level 2 Creatures.
Level 3 Creature Generator	Allows you to recruit Level 3 Creatures.
Level 4 Creature Generator	Allows you to recruit Level 4 Creatures.
Level 5 Creature Generator	Allows you to recruit Level 5 Creatures.
Level 6 Creature Generator	Allows you to recruit Level 6 Creatures.
Level 7 Creature Generator	Allows you to recruit Level 7 Creatures.
Upg. Level 1 Creature Generator	Allows you to recruit Upgraded Level 1 Creatures.
Upg. Level 2 Creature Generator	Allows you to recruit Upgraded Level 2 Creatures.
Upg. Level 3 Creature Generator	Allows you to recruit Upgraded Level 3 Creatures.
Upg. Level 4 Creature Generator	Allows you to recruit Upgraded Level 4 Creatures.
Upg. Level 5 Creature Generator	Allows you to recruit Upgraded Level 5 Creatures.
Upg. Level 6 Creature Generator	Allows you to recruit Upgraded Level 6 Creatures.
Upg. Level 7 Creature Generator	Allows you to recruit Upgraded Level 7 Creatures.
