Lighthouse	The lighthouse grants additional mobility to any ships you control.	
Griffin Bastion	The Griffin Bastion increases Griffin production by 3 per week.	
Griffin Bastion	The Griffin Bastion increases Royal Griffin production by 3 per week.	
Shipyard	The Shipyard allows you to purchase ships.	
Stables	The Stables increase the land movement rate of any visiting hero.	
Brotherhood of the Sword	"During a siege, the Brotherhood of the Sword increases troop morale by +2."	
		
		
		
Colossus	"The presence of the Colossus increases weekly creature generation by 50%, provides your kingdom with an additional 5000 gold each day, and increases the morale of all allied heroes by +2."	
Resource Silo	The Resource Silo provides you with an additional +1 wood and +1 ore each day.	
Mystic Pond	The Mystic Pond produces a small random number of resources each week.	
Miners' Guild	The Miners' Guild increases Dwarf production by 4 per week.	
Miners' Guild	The Miners' Guild increases Battle Dwarf production by 4 per week.	
		
Fountain of Fortune	The Fountain of Fortune increases the luck of the garrison hero by +2 when defending against a siege.	
Treasury	The Treasury earns you 10% interest on any gold you have at the start of each week.	
		
Dendroid Saplings	The Dendroid Saplings increase Dendroid Guard production by 2 per week.	
Dendroid Saplings	The Dendroid Saplings increase Dendroid Soldier production by 2 per week.	
Spirit Guardian	"The presence of the Spirit Guardian increases weekly creature generation by 50%, provides your kingdom with an additional 5000 gold each day, and increases the luck of all allied heroes by +2."	
Resource Silo	The Resource Silo provides you with an additional +1 crystal each day.	
Artifact Merchants	"For a nominal fee, you can purchase artifacts from the Artifact Merchants."	
Sculptor's Wings	The Sculptor's Wings increase Stone Gargoyle production by 4 per week.	
Sculptor's Wings	The Sculptor's Wings increase Obsidian Gargoyle production by 4 per week.	
		
Lookout Tower	The lookout tower extends the visible distance around your city.	
Library	The library provides your mage guild with additional spells.	
Wall of Knowledge	The Wall of Knowledge increases the Knowledge skill of any visiting hero by +1.	
		
		
Skyship	"The presence of the Skyship increases weekly creature generation by 50%, provides your kingdom with an additional 5000 gold each day, reveals the entire world map, and increases the knowledge of any defending hero by +15 (these spell points do not follow a hero who leaves the town)."	
Resource Silo	The Resource Silo provides you with an additional +1 gems each day.	
		
Birthing Pools	The Birthing Pools increase Imp production by 8 per week.	
Birthing Pools	The Birthing Pools increase Familiar production by 8 per week.	
		
Brimstone Stormclouds	The Brimstone Stormclouds boost a garrison hero's power by +2 during any siege defense.	
Castle Gate	Allows travel between Inferno towns containing Castle Gates. Destination town must be unoccupied.	
Order of Fire	The Order of Fire increases the Power skill of any visiting hero by +1.	
Cages	The Cages increase Hell Hound production by 3 per week.	
Cages	The Cages increase Cerberus production by 3 per week.	
Deity of Fire	The presence of the Deity of Fire increases weekly creature generation by 50% and provides your empire with an additional 5000 gold each day.  Every week hereafter will be a Week of the Imp.	
Resource Silo	The Resource Silo provides you with an additional +1 mercury each day.	
Cover of Darkness	The Cover of Darkness covers your city with a permanent shroud to all other players.	
Unearthed Graves	The Unearthed Graves increase Skeleton production by 6 per week.	
Unearthed Graves	The Unearthed Graves increase Skeleton Warrior production by 6 per week.	
Shipyard	The Shipyard allows you to purchase ships.	
Necromancy Amplifier	The Necromancy Amplifier increases the Necromancy skill of all heroes you control (with the Necromancy skill) by 10%.	
Skeleton Transformer	The Skeleton Transformer allows you to convert any creature into a skeleton.	
		
		
		
Soul Prison	"The presence of the Soul Prison increases weekly creature generation by 50%, provides your empire with an additional 5000 gold each day, and boosts the Necromancy skill of all allied heroes (who possess the skill) by 20%."	
Resource Silo	The Resource Silo provides you with an additional +1 wood and +1 ore each day.	
Artifact Merchants	"For a nominal fee, you can purchase artifacts from the Artifact Merchants."	
Mushroom Rings	The Mushroom Rings increase Troglodyte production by 7 per week.	
Mushroom Rings	The Mushroom Rings increase Infernal Troglodyte production by 7 per week.	
		
Mana Vortex	The Mana Vortex temporarily doubles spell points for any garrison or visiting hero.	
Portal of Summoning	"With the Portal of Summoning, you can recruit creatures from an externally flagged dwelling."	
Battle Scholar Academy	The Academy of Battle Scholars teaches new skills to any hero (+1000 experience) once.	
		
		
Guardian of Earth	"The presence of the Guardian of Earth increases weekly creature generation by 50%, provides your empire with an additional 5000 gold each day, and increases the Power of a garrison hero by +12 when defending against a siege."	
Resource Silo	The Resource Silo provides you with an additional +1 sulfur each day.	
Escape Tunnel	The Escape Tunnel allows a garrison hero to flee from defending against a siege.	
Mess Hall	The Mess Hall increases Goblin production by 8 per week.	
Mess Hall	The Mess Hall increases Hobgoblin production by 8 per week.	
		
Freelancer's Guild	The Freelancer's Guild allows you to trade creatures for resources.	
Ballista Yard	This Blacksmith upgrade provides your armies with ballistas.	
Hall of Valhalla	The Hall of Valhalla increases the Attack skill of any visiting hero by +1.	
		
		
Warlords' Monument	"The presence of the Warlords' Monument increases weekly creature generation by 50%, provides your kingdom with an additional 5000 gold each day, and increases the Attack strength of a garrison hero by +20 when defending against a siege."	
Resource Silo	The Resource Silo provides you with an additional +1 wood and +1 ore each day.	
Cage of Warlords	The Cage of Warlords increases the Defense strength of any visiting hero by +1.	
Captain's Quarters	The Captain's Quarters increase Gnoll production by 6 per week.	
Captain's Quarters	The Captain's Quarters increase Gnoll Marauder production by 6 per week.	
Shipyard	The Shipyard allows you to purchase ships.	
Glyphs of Fear	The Glyphs of Fear add +2 to a garrison hero's defense skill when defending against a siege.	
Blood Obelisk	The presence of a Blood Obelisk adds +2 to a garrison hero's attack skill when defending against a siege.	
		
		
		
Carnivorous Plant	"The presence of the Carnivorous Plant increases weekly creature generation by 50%, provides your kingdom with an additional 5000 gold each day, and increases the Attack and Defense strength of a garrison hero by +10 each when defending against a siege."	
Resource Silo	The Resource Silo provides you with an additional +1 wood and +1 ore each day.	
Artifact Merchants	"For a nominal fee, you can purchase artifacts from the Artifact Merchants."	
Garden of Life	This structure increases weekly production of Pixies by 10 per week.	
Garden of Life	This structure increases weekly production of Sprites 10 per week.	
Shipyard	The Shipyard allows you to purchase ships.	
Magic University	"At the Magic University, you can pay to learn any, or all, of the four schools of magic."	
		
		
		
		
Aurora Borealias	"The presence of the Aurora Borealias increases weekly creature generation by 50%, provides your kingdom with an additional 5000 gold each day, and places all spells in your mage guild."	
Resource Silo	The Resource Silo provides you with an additional 1 Mercury each day.	
Artifact Merchants	"For a nominal fee, you can purchase artifacts from the Artifact Merchants."	
Level 1 Creature Horde	This structure increases weekly production of Level 1 Creatures.	
Level 2 Creature Horde	This structure increases weekly production of Level 2 Creatures.	
Shipyard	The Shipyard allows you to purchase ships.	
		
		
Level 3 Creature Horde	This structure increases weekly production of Level 3 Creatures.	
Level 4 Creature Horde	This structure increases weekly production of Level 4 Creatures.	
Level 5 Creature Horde	This structure increases weekly production of Level 5 Creatures.	
Grail	"The presence of the Grail increases weekly creature generation by 50%, provides your kingdom with an additional 5000 gold each day, and provides an additional bonus unique to each town type."	
Resource Silo	The Resource Silo provides you with an additional resource ore each day.	
